Do it. girl.
♪ Fear ♪
♪ And panic in the air ♪
♪ I want to be free ♪
♪ From desolation and despair ♪
♪ And I feel like everything I sow ♪
♪ Is being swept away ♪
♪ Well. I refuse to let you go ♪
♪ I can't get it right ♪
♪ Since I met you ♪
Keepers.
We are nearing the moment of return
to our rightful lives.
Yeah!
No longer will we need
to live in the memories
of another place or another time.
The nonbelievers will try
to break through our lines
and stop the Cleanse.
We cannot let that happen!
So now is the time for vigilance!
Now is the time for sacrifice!
Because. goddamn it. we're the only effers
brave enough to see this through!
Are you with us?
Yeah!
- Are you with us?
- Yeah!
Go. go. go!
If we find the target.
what are your instructions?
No one takes a shot unless I order.
Is that clear?
Yes. sir.
Against my better judgment.
we'll try it your way.
How do you want to proceed?
We should talk to Jean and Gene.
Those lunatics?
Waste of time if you ask me.
There might be a way
to negotiate with them.
and at the very least.
it could buy us some time
to get Ben and Jennifer out of there
before they become the Cleanse.
Very well.
We gave 'em hell back there. didn't we?
Yeah. just like the good old days. huh?
Better than the old days.
Man. we took on the CIA
and we won. my friend.
Yeah.
I'm so ashamed
I even wanted to work there.
It's like I've been sleepwalking
through my own life.
Meanwhile. I'm married
to the hottest. smartest.
most psychotic chick on the planet.
Yeah.
And I'm an aging stripper
living alone in a condemned building.
No. whoa. Hey.
When I was playing secret agent.
who sniffed out a global conspiracy?
Ah...
- I got lucky.
- Lucky?
Five couldn't do that.
and he's been working there for years.
You got a big fat win.
and no one can take that away from you.
Huh.
Papi's home!
Come here! Get in here!
Hi!
Hon. Hello.
You guys been good. huh?
I missed you guys so much.
Look what I got you. Shoes off.
- Huh? Oh.
- Shoes off.
Look at... Oh! It's got blood. Don't worry.
Yeah. peep that. huh?
Hey. where's Lila?
Who knows?
Like you. she doesn't tell us anything.
- She hasn't come back?
- No.
What are you standing there for?
Come. You must be hungry.
Yes. We are starving. aren't we?
Oh. uh. could I please...
borrow some clothes?
Of course!
You can take from Cousin Ronnie's closet.
Oh!
My closet?
I don't want
these stinky monkey legs in my pants!
I'm going to kick your ass! Get lost!
You come. Come with me.
What do you want?
The boy... and his girlfriend.
No problem.
Go ahead and get 'em.
but first. you need permission
from every man and woman here.
Now. it doesn't
have to be unanimous. Gene.
We could agree to a simple majority.
just to keep things sporting.
This was a waste of time.
- We should shoot every last one of them.
- You're not helping.
- Typical.
- Excuse me?
Every word out of your mouth
is a perfect little pearl. right?
Not to be questioned
because you think you know best.
Such a man's perspective.
I am a man.
As are you.
Uh...
Why don't you two toddle on off
to wherever you came from?
Forget even entertaining
somebody else's opinion
or respecting their wishes.
- What are you prattling on about?
- Can we please get back to my brother?
We're not giving him up.
And you never listen!
But I've got your attention now.
You're doing things my way
from here on out.
That was weird.
For once. my boy.
we are in complete agreement.
So. do you have a plan B?
What the hell was that?
That was an unsuccessful attempt
to thwart our plans.
No. That was you
acting like a fucking lunatic!
You are overreacting.
Am I?
You clearly know that man. Gene.
- How?
- It doesn't matter.
Like hell it doesn't!
Keep your voice down.
And what is this god-awful song
you keep whistling. Gene?
You don't even like that song.
Something's changed.
Oh.
They got to you. didn't they?
The nonbelievers.
Stop talking. Jean.
Don't you talk to me like that.
Gene Thibedeau.
I brought you into this work.
You're upsetting our followers.
I taught you the truth...
Yeah!
- ...about the Cleanse.
- Right!
Without me. he'd just be
some sniveling little mama's boy...
trying to finish his dissertation.
Ah!
Who are you?
You killed her.
Cunning observation. Bea.
Why'd you do that?
Jean has betrayed us!
But she's your wife.
Alas. no more.
The Cleanse is bigger than love.
my compatriots.
It's bigger than all of us!
She started the movement.
There's a difference
between starting something
and having the spine
to see it through. Bea...
no matter the cost.
Jean got cold feet!
Anybody else's feet feeling chilly?
Good.
Get back to your posts.
Might wanna give that a light sharpening.
Everything looks normal.
It's possible they solved the Cleanse
without us.
Hey. you good?
It's been seven years
since I've seen my kids. Five. I'm scared.
What are you scared of?
That they won't love me
like they did before.
Hey. It's only been a few hours for them.
Nothing's changed.
You promise?
Yeah. Promise.
You're back!
We are.
Good. Yeah. I was starting to get worried.
What?
Oh. I don't know. I...
I missed you.
You did?
Yeah! I mean. why wouldn't I?
It's just. I... I can't remember
the last time you said that.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
That's gonna change.
Lot of things are gonna change now.
Mommy's home!
Oh my god.
You can let go of me now. Mommy.
Just a little longer.
But you're squishing my face.
Why are you crying?
I'm just so happy to see you.
You okay?
Yeah.
Come here!
Oh!
It smells so nice in here.
Hey! How's it going?
Oh! Yo. yo. yo! Shoes.
Oh. sorry.
- Wait. what's with the dirt?
- Oh. yeah.
Allison and Claire Bear
had to dig me out of the grave
of a dead greyhound.
Is anyone hungry?
My God. I could eat a horse.
- Hey. family.
- Long story.
Hello. Oh. hi. Uh...
I'm famished.
If I can get a little sandwich...
It's so good to see you.
You too.
Oh my God.
- Oh my God.
- Shoes.
Hi!
Okay.
Cinco. you coming?
- Yeah. I'm right behind you.
- All right. Take your shoes off.
My team is in position.
ready to fire on your command.
Hold your horses there. Rambo.
I'm gonna go in.
Don't be ridiculous.
Even with your powers.
you'd be overwhelmed
by the sheer number of those extremists.
There's one less of them
to worry about now.
- Who?
- Jean.
With a G?
With a J.
- Husband gutted her like a trout.
- What?
Some people
just aren't cut out for marriage.
You see?
I gave you an opportunity
to resolve this issue. You failed.
Now we do it my way.
Gene was right.
You do always think you know what's best.
- If you get a sight on Ben. take the shot.
- What? No!
Excuse me.
I saved your life back there on the road.
You owe me the chance to talk to Ben.
You have 15 minutes. but I fail to see
how you intend to breach that mob.
I need to borrow a tire iron
and a Sharpie.
Heads up!
Hey. hey. Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Hey. who the fuck are you. dude?
- Whoa! Hold on a second!
You're late.
My truck broke down.
so I had to hoof it the last couple miles.
That's not much of a weapon.
It was the best I could do
on short notice.
Can I join you guys?
Yeah.
You can post up with us
at the back of the building.
Make sure no one gets in.
Grab a spot.
I just... I gotta take a piss first.
Any chance I can use the can inside?
"Can inside."
No. Jean and Gene said nobody goes inside.
Find a shit bucket.
Yeah. of course. No problem.
I'll just use the alley.
Like I said. nobody goes inside. asshole!
Ben! Ben!
Ben. are you in here?
Ben.
Viktor?
What are you doing here?
You need to come with me.
I'm not leaving Jennifer.
I'm gonna help you. okay?
Both of you. I need you to listen to me.
We don't need your help!
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to yell.
What's happening to me?
Hey. has anyone heard from Viktor?
Maybe he found Ben and Jennifer.
Surely he would've called. left a message.
So we all struck out?
God. what a bunch of losers.
Well. not entirely.
Yeah.
Deputy Director Ribbons is a Keeper.
along with other agents at the CIA.
It's your boss. Five.
Yeah.
It turns out Gene and Jean also have
a bigger movement than we thought.
So we have to get to Ben and Jennifer
before they do and stop the Cleanse.
Right. but we have to find them first.
Yeah. They might be anywhere.
We gotta find 'em.
What's with you?
You've barely said a word. Five.
When does that ever happen?
It's called thinking. Luther.
You should try it sometime.
- Hey!
- Whoa! Uncalled for!
- Shut up.
- I do think. I think you're an asshole!
Grandpa's not had his nap.
Can we not do this right now?
No. you know what? Let's do it right now.
We all struck out.
There's nothing better to do.
Five. it's gonna be okay.
It's not gonna be okay.
Oh. don't talk to my wife like that. man.
Not around here. Not during Christmas.
You gonna do something about it. fuckface?
- Hey!
- Whoa. language!
Yeah. I'm gonna k-i-c-k
your a-s-s. my boy.
Mmm. Looks like somebody
passed the first grade.
Hey. both of you need to stop. okay?
What's that?
What's what?
That thing on your wrist?
You hate bracelets.
No. I don't.
Yeah. you do.
I gave you one for Valentine's Day.
You traded it for a Dyson vacuum. What...
Did you give her this?
Answer the question. Five.
I made it.
For her?
Well. I sure as hell
didn't make it for you.
Is something going on between you two?
- Diego...
- Holy shit!
Oh wow!
- What?
I didn't see that one coming.
Holy shit! I was right!
The book club. All this time.
I knew you were cheating on me with...
I wasn't cheating.
At least... not when you thought that I was.
- Should we go? We should go.
- We're not going anywhere.
Did you s-k-r-e-w my wife?
"Screw" is spelled s-c-r-e-w.
Okay. you need to listen to me. all right?
No matter how strange this sounds.
just listen.
Five and I.
we've been lost in a subway.
It's not a regular subway.
It's a waypoint
between alternate timelines
of the same moment in time.
Yeah. Think I'm gonna buy that bullshit?
She's telling the truth. all right?
We got lost.
We couldn't find our way back.
We were searching
for seven years. Diego.
We were moving from timeline to timeline.
We had no idea what we would find.
We were
chased. attacked. shot at.
I never stopped trying to find a way home.
But I got tired.
and I had to stop running.
Um. that's when it happened.
Do you love him?
Diego. now's not the...
Hey. stupid grown-ups. check out the TV.
- One of the occupants...
- Isn't that Uncle Ben?
...is a former convict named Ben Hargreeves.
Look. look. look. look. look!
...convicted in 2019
for a crypto Ponzi scheme
and served four years in
Avalon Federal Correctional Institution.
Oh. we gotta go.
Yeah.
...how this armed group of protesters
is connected with Hargreeves.
Local police have yet to be able
to get close enough to the building
to make contact.
and we have no information
if Hargreeves is holding any hostages.
The Cleanse.
It's changing both of you.
Into what?
Well. I'm not sure.
but I do know
that if you stay here with her.
it's only gonna get worse.
I'm not leaving her. Viktor.
That's Dad checking on us.
Don't touch it!
Please!
Please let me answer it.
It could buy us more time.
More time. More time for what?
God.
He wants to kill you.
Father of the year. that guy.
Ben. listen.
If you don't come out with me...
I guarantee you
that Dad and his tactical team
will come in.
and they will kill you
and Jennifer.
And I don't want that.
I'm scared. Viktor.
Me too.
I wanna go home.
No!
Damn it!
Pick up. boy!
That doesn't look good.
Quick. back down that alley
so we're out of sight.
- Diego!
- Back up. you idiot!
- I'm trying.
- What?
What?
Come on. you piece of shit.
♪...doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo. baby shark ♪
- What are you doing?
- Hit the brakes!
I'm trying!
♪ Mommy shark ♪
It's not working!
Come on. man! You're gonna get us killed!
Now would be an excellent time
for somebody to do something!
♪ Daddy shark ♪
Oh fuck!
Shit!
God.
Oh.
Hey.
For the love of God. shoot 'em.
Go! Go! Go!
Hey! I just replaced those!
Maybe you shouldn't have
cheaped out on the brakes.
To be fair. new ceramic pads
on a vehicle this old
is not a good investment.
Stop yapping and start doing!
Like what? There's too many of them!
Five. do the blinky
and get us into the store.
That doesn't work anymore.
You gotta try. Five.
I can't. all right?
I'll mimic your power.
We'll do it together.
You're not doing anything with him.
You know we're gonna end up in the subway.
Do not think about the past.
If you're gonna do something.
now would be the time.
- Yeah!
- Your family needs you.
I need you.
Seriously?
What the...
- What is that?
- What?
God. I think it's Ben!
- Stay where you are!
- Viktor. you're hurt. Come here.
No. I'm fine! Just don't touch Ben!
Is that Jennifer?
Get away from him!
Ben. please.
Please let me help you.
Leave now.
I... I can't control it.
I don't wanna hurt you.
This is Sniper Team 1.
I got eyes on the target.
- What's he doing?
- He's pulling out the durango.
Viktor. let him go!
I can save him!
We are out of time. sir.
Take the shot.
Tango down.
It's happening.
It's happening!
- What the hell was that?
- The Cleanse. It's here.
Don't be afraid!
Oh God.
Oh my God!
Ben.
Ah shit!
We gotta get that thing away from Viktor.
- What if we hurt it?
- Doesn't matter.
- They might still be alive.
- What?
We should get to cover.
- Oh shit!
- Allison. wait!
Oh God.
Let's go! Over here! Over here!
Come on! Whoo. yeah!
That's right! Come on!
Come get these legs and eggs. baby!
What are you doing. big guy?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to start a fight.
Hey. come on. assface. Come on! Hey!
Klaus!
- Hey!
- I can fly now.
Oh. it hurts.
- Hey. Hey. pal. how you doing?
- I'm okay.
- Okay. I gotcha.
Holy fuck!
Okay. that didn't work.
- Eye lasers?
- Yeah. yeah.
Aim for the tanks.
Is it supposed to get bigger?
I'm here. I'm here!
Get away from me. kid.
We almost got killed!
Stay away from my wife!
I've really had enough of this shit.
It's really big and scary.
Okay.
Allison!
What are you doing?
My turn.
Allison!
- What are you waiting for?
- It's Ben.
Not anymore.
Allison. watch out!
No!
Oh my God!
Come on. We gotta get up.
Come on!
All right. That's it.
Pick on someone your own size.
you giant piece of shit.
Uh. a little help?
My hand is stuck in his ass.
- Let's do this?
- Okay.
It's not working!
Will this thing ever stop growing?
Stop fighting each other
when we're about to be killed!
- I wanna kill him.
- It's over. Five.
Shit.
Allison.
Allison!
You good?
Is she still breathing?
- Barely.
- There she is.
Is she alive? Allison?
Oh wow.
What now?
We gotta get the hell out of here
and figure out how to kill that thing.
- Let's go.
- Let's go. All right. come on.
All right. On your feet.
Let's move out. Sergeant.
It's time to evacuate. sir.
On the contrary.
it's time to face the inevitable.
Goodbye. Gary. Thank you for your service.
Let's roll out!
Why did I wait to take the shot?
Because maybe
you are a good man. after all.
You pathetic. self-deluded zealot.
Do you have any idea what you've done?
Yeah.
I ended the world.
Shoot it!
And that's a good thing. my love.
Who are you?
Abigail.
You did this?
You left me no choice.
But why?
Dying was my penance
for creating something so deadly.
This...
Cleanse.
Wasn't it enough
to see our world destroyed?
Why would you loose it on this one?
Because I was
so lonely without you.
I didn't ask to be brought back to life.
That was an act of love.
No. Reginald.
It was hubris.
Your actions had consequences far greater
than anything you could imagine.
And it was my duty to set it right.
So.
it was you who thwarted all my plans
to keep Ben and Jennifer apart.
I was wrong.
And you made it right.
Well done. my love.
Well done.
♪ I can lend you a dream ♪
♪ 'Til we meet again ♪
♪ I'm dead to the world ♪
♪ I don't know where I've been ♪
♪ And if you say so ♪
♪ I'll bend over backwards for love ♪
♪ I can lend you a dream ♪
♪ 'Til we meet again ♪
♪ I'm dead to the world ♪
♪ I don't know where I've been ♪
Hey. wait!
♪ Ain't that a shame ♪
♪ You're the one to blame ♪
♪ You broke my heart ♪
♪ When you said we'll part ♪
There you go!
Our specials...
Hey. you. Over here.
Can someone get Drunk Five out of here?
What is this place?
It's a gas station.
The hell does it look like? It's a deli.
Coffee.
And... two pastrami.
Bon appétit.
It's a little light on the sauerkraut. no?
Yeah. it says it on the menu.
I keep telling him. but he never listens.
Sorry.
It's not your fault.
Theoretically. it is.
Oh. you're not gonna like that.
So I take it you figured out
the subway system by now.
Alternate versions
of the same moment in time?
That is correct.
You'd be surprised how long it took
some of the Fives to figure that out.
We're all you from alternate timelines.
Most of us here have given up
trying to fix the problem.
What problem?
The broken timeline. man.
There's only supposed to be one.
I don't get it. I...
Look around. Five.
Does this seem right to you?
No. but...
You think Einstein was thinking of this
when he was figuring out relativity?
Not a chance.
This shit woulda made his head explode.
Okay. So what shattered
the original timeline?
Not "what." "Who."
And I will give you three guesses
to figure it out.
We did!
Why you always gotta wreck shit.
Brisket Five?
Why?
By "we." he means the family. My siblings?
The morons. yeah.
I'm familiar with them. Yeah.
One perfect timeline. and the moment
we come into existence... boom!
Shattered to an infinite number
of alternate timelines
in an infinite loop of time
as we try and save the world...
How many times was it again?
145.412.
That's a lot.
He's like Rain Man. that one.
He loves numbers.
Oh. by the way. check out the artwork.
It's all the different ways
we've made our universe go kaboom.
Gold star for consistency. am I right?
We need to fix this.
Oh. trust me. We've tried.
That's why one of us created
the Commission.
He wanted to undo
all the broken timelines.
Get back to the one and only.
But that always fails because...
The family is the problem.
We're doomed to save or destroy the world
over and over again. ad infinitum.
Bingo.
Sorry. I need to get back to my family.
Stop this from ever happening.
Well. good luck with that.
Guess you don't want your brisket to go?
Thank God. Hello.
Mom!
I'm okay. Go with your cousins.
- No. I'm not leaving you.
- Claire. please.
Come on. Let's go.
Claire? We'll take care of her.
Just can you and the others
just stay here. okay?
Just one second. One second.
All right. on the couch.
How do we beat a thing
that everything we throw at it. it gets...
it gets bigger and it gets stronger?
Well. we can't.
It's only a matter of time
before it envelops everything.
So the world's ending again. huh?
Hey! Great timing. Great timing.
Hey.
- Five.
- Five!
Why'd you come back. buddy?
Things are pretty bleak here.
Trust me. I wasn't planning on it.
Fortunately. I had a. uh. long
and eye-opening conversation with myself.
What?
We are the reason that this is happening.
You care to elaborate?
The marigold that infected our mothers.
bringing forth our births...
...had an unexpected side effect.
It shattered the timeline.
and it broke it into an infinite number
of alternate timelines.
The timelines are bleeding
into each other.
That's how the Keepers were able
to find those artifacts.
Holy shit. Gene and Jean were right.
Their dreams of other timelines were real.
So we need to go back
to the original timeline
before the other ones were created.
Am I the only one
who's very. very. very confused?
Nope.
That's what Ben was trying to show me.
What does Ben have to do with this?
Back at the department store.
when I was trying to pull the durango
from his body. I had a vision.
I think he was trying to show me
the original timeline.
He tried to kill you.
But he didn't.
He pushed me away to save me.
I think he was trying
to tell me something.
That the Cleanse isn't a bad thing.
You're saying that thing
that destroys everything
it comes into contact with is good?
I think so? I...
We need to let the marigold in our bodies
merge with the durango inside the Cleanse.
They should cancel each other out.
Okay. Then what happens to us?
We cease to exist.
Old Klaus might have been down
for some recreational hara-kiri.
but it turns out
that I'm really not into killing myself.
so. uh. count me out.
Actually. it's not killing ourselves.
It's worse than that.
We'll be erased from history.
Okay. what about the other timelines?
They will never have existed.
None of us will.
No one will have
any memory of this... or us.
Does anyone else not like this plan?
If we cease to exist.
what happens to our families?
I'm not sure.
Wait. No. I... I don't like
where this is going. Five.
Come on. Five.
There has to be another way.
There isn't.
Take it easy. all right?
Lila. why don't you take the family
to that crazy subway of yours.
You save them... save yourself.
- No. she can't do that.
- I'm not talking to you. Five.
All the marigold
needs to be destroyed. Diego.
If Lila isn't here when the Cleanse comes.
it just restarts.
Yeah. well. good thing
it's her decision. isn't it?
Yeah.
I'm staying with my mom.
Claire Bear.
- No.
- Mom. I'm staying.
No. You have to go with Lila. okay?
No. I'd rather die here with you
than not remember you.
No.
Claire.
I need you to live... okay?
I need you to live and experience
all of the amazing things
that this world has to offer you. okay?
- I'll forget you. Mom.
- No.
We don't know that.
Okay? We don't know that.
What I do know is
you have to go with Lila.
No. I can't.
Hey. listen to Mom. Claire Bear.
Every time I do. things turn out okay.
Hey. look at me.
Look at me.
I will always be a part of you.
Always.
Even if you don't remember me.
You'll always be my beautiful. smart girl.
Okay?
Come here. I love you.
Love you too.
- Okay.
- You have to go.
- No. No.
- Baby. you have to go.
Let's go. Get the family together. okay?
Lila. Lila. wait.
Look. I don't wanna sound like
an asshole here.
but if Five is right.
you leaving is not a good thing.
He's right. You can't go.
- Watch me.
- Lila!
Okay. Come on. everyone.
Stand around me. okay?
Lila. don't do this.
Hold onto me.
All right. come on!
Hey. you can wait here! Yeah!
All right!
Sweetheart. Okay?
Where are we going?
I'll tell you when we get there.
Somewhere safe. angel. okay?
Lila.
What's he doing here?
Can you just keep everyone together?
- Don't try to stop me.
- Lila. please.
I can't leave them.
What if they don't make it?
Then they don't make it.
If you go with them.
then this whole thing starts over.
It doesn't end until
all the marigold inside us is gone.
You don't know that.
Yeah. I do.
You do too.
You have to let them go.
Lila. the train is here!
What should we do?
I'm sorry.
Okay. come on. Come on. everyone.
What are you waiting for?
Come on. come on. come on!
Mom!
No. Lila!
- Lila!
- Mommy!
It's okay. love.
I'll see you soon. okay?
Lila!
Make sure you read
to Gracie every night. okay?
Mommy!
And don't let the twins fight!
It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
I hate you for this.
I know.
I hate you. I hate you for this.
So. uh... now what?
Guess we just wait.
I'm sorry. guys.
If I'd have known we were gonna die here.
I would have cleaned up.
Well. at least your laundry's clean.
I mean...
Actually. it's not.
It looks angry.
What gives you that impression?
The kids?
Yeah. they're safe.
And Claire.
Think they're gonna be okay?
Yeah.
My family will take care of them.
She'll never be alone.
So...
we gonna do this thing?
All right. Moving!
Come on. Let's go.
Quickly.
Oh God. I loved those windows.
- All right.
- Doesn't matter anymore.
Well. maybe we should go around the circle
and. you know.
share our favorite moments together.
What?
Barf.
- Let's not do that.
- That's a bad idea.
- Yeah. it's terrible.
- That's a terrible idea.
Yeah. bad call.
Okay. so... what do we do?
Just power up. I guess.
You feel strong enough for this?
Yeah.
I think so.
Ugh. I'm feeling...
Okay.
Now what?
Now we wait.
I'm sorry you left Canada for this.
I'm not.
This is where I'm supposed to be...
with my family.
You were right.
Don't.
I see you.
I finally see you.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I know.
Uh...
...Five?
Don't fight it.
Let it take you. Just let it go.
Whoo! It stings.
Yeah.
I know. Right. buddy?
Hold on. okay?
It's almost over.
Ah!
Thank you for letting me be
in your weird family.
Oh God. I'm gonna miss you guys.
I'm just glad
we're all together in the end.
No more legs and eggs. eh?
Maybe we'll see each other again.
That would be nice.
You know. I just wanna say
I love you guys...
but you are all assholes.
Fuck you.
♪ Children. behave ♪
♪ That's what they say
When we're together ♪
♪ And watch how you play ♪
♪ They don't understand ♪
♪ And so we're running
Just as fast as we can ♪
♪ Holding on to one another's hand ♪
♪ Trying to get away into the night ♪
♪ And then you put your arms around me ♪
♪ As we tumble to the ground
And then you say ♪
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
♪ There doesn't seem to be anyone around ♪
♪ The beating of our hearts is
The only sound ♪
♪ Look at the way ♪
♪ We gotta hide what we're doing ♪
♪ 'Cause what would they say ♪
♪ If they ever knew ♪
♪ And so we're running
Just as fast as we can ♪
♪ Holding on to one another's hand ♪
♪ Trying to get away into the night ♪
♪ And then you put your arms around me
As we tumble to the ground ♪
♪ And then you say ♪
On the twelfth hour
of the eighth day of August 2024.
absolutely nothing
out of the ordinary occurred.
You might say
it was just a normal day.
["This Must Be the Place"
♪ Home is where I want to be ♪
♪ Pick me up and turn me around ♪
♪ I feel numb. born with a weak heart ♪
♪ I guess I must be having fun ♪
♪ The less we say about it. the better ♪
♪ We'll make it up as we go along ♪
♪ Feet on the ground. head in the sky ♪
♪ It's okay. I know nothing's wrong ♪
♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Oh. I got plenty of time ♪
♪ Oh. you got light in your eyes ♪
♪ And you're standing here beside me ♪
♪ I love the passing of time ♪
♪ Never for money. always for love ♪
♪ Cover up and say goodnight ♪
♪ Say goodnight ♪
♪ Home is where I want to be ♪
♪ But I guess I'm already there ♪
♪ I come home. she lifted up her wings ♪
♪ I guess that this must be the place ♪
♪ I can't tell one from another ♪
♪ Did I find you or you find me? ♪
♪ There was a time before we were born ♪
♪ If someone asks. this is where I'll be ♪
♪ Where I'll be ♪
♪ Oh. we drift in and out ♪
♪ Oh. sing into my mouth ♪
♪ Out of all those kinds of people ♪
♪ You got a face with a view ♪
♪ I'm just an animal looking for a home ♪
♪ And share the same space
For a minute or two ♪
♪ And you love me 'til my heart stops ♪
♪ Love me 'til I'm dead ♪
♪ Eyes that light up
Eyes look through you ♪
♪ Cover up the blank spots
Hit me on the head. I go ♪